{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red21\green21\blue21;\red255\green255\blue255;\red51\green86\blue199;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c10588\c10588\c10588;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c25490\c43137\c82353;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{circle\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid102\'01\uc0\u9702 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16260\viewh14780\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Intel\'ae AMT: Strong ME Passwords are Required\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://software.intel.com/en-us/user/335061"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \cb3 Gael H. (Intel)}}\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 If you are new to developing software for Intel\'ae\'a0AMT, you need to know that the Intel\'ae AMT Manageability Engine's password must be changed from it's factory default (admin) to a "strong password." The following provides some guidance into what sort of strong password is required. \'a0\cb1 \
\
\cb3 There are various levels of strong passwords. Most of the time we get by with strong passwords containing characters from at least 3 of the five groups in the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://technet.microsoft.com/en-us/library/cc875839.aspx"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 Character Classes table}}. \'a0The Intel AMT ME expects its password to contain characters from at least 4 of the five groups (this implementation is used often for sensitive accounts such as those used by administrators or that run critical network services, ie Intel\'ae AMT.)\cb1 \
\
\cb3 You can read more about the Intel AMT ME password requirements in the{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://software.intel.com/sites/manageability/AMT_Implementation_and_Reference_Guide/DOCS/Implementation%20and%20Reference%20Guide/default.htm"}}{\fldrslt \cf4  Intel AMT SDK Documentation}} (search for "Valid Usernames and Passwords"). \'a0Here is the overall direction for both usernames and passwords:\cb1 \
\cb3 Username requirements:\'a0\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
A username must contains 7-bit ASCII characters, in the range of 33-126, excluding \'91:\'92, \'91,\'92, \'91<\'92, \'91>\'92, \'91&\'92, and \'91\'94\'92 characters. The string length is limited to 16 characters. It cannot be an empty string. The strings \'93Administrator\'94 (Release3.2 only) and \'93Admin,\'94 (Release 4.0 and later releases) and strings that start with \'93$$\'94 are invalid.\'a0\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Password requirments:\'a0\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Passwords must contain 7-bit ASCII characters, in the range of 32-126, excluding \'91:\'92, \'91,\'92 and \'91\'94\'92 characters. String length is limited to 32 characters.\cb1 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl1\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9702 
\f0 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
At least 8 characters long.\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl1\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9702 
\f0 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Contain at least one digit ('0', '1'\'85'9').\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl1\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9702 
\f0 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Contain at least one 7-bit ASCII non alpha-numeric character, above 32, (e.g. '!', '$', '~'). Note that \'93_\'94 is considered alphanumeric.\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl1\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	
\f1 \uc0\u9702 
\f0 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Contain both lower-case Latin ('a', 'b'\'85'z') and upper case Latin ('A', 'B'\'85'Z') characters.\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0\cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
A Kerberos Security Identifier (SID) is a byte array between 1 and 28 bytes. The SID length should be a multiple of 4.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 For more complete information about compiler optimizations, see our {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://software.intel.com/en-us/articles/optimization-notice#opt-en"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 Optimization Notice}}.}